[OSDOCS12090]: Updated release note for oc-mirror to include the hypershift kubevirt coreos container (#82558)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-openshift-cli_{context}"]
=== OpenShift CLI (oc)

[id="ocp-4-17-openshift-cli-oc-mirror-kubevirt_{context}"]
==== oc-mirror to include the HyperShift KubeVirt CoreOS container

With this release, oc-mirror now includes the {op-system-first} image for the HyperShift KubeVirt provider when mirroring the {product-title} release payload.

> When using KubeVirt as the provider for HyperShift, the KubeVirt VMs, which act as nodes for hosted clusters, require an {op-system} image shipped as a container-disk image. To support disconnected environments, this image is now included in the mirroring process.

Reviewer: I would just spell out VM since it's the first mention of the term in this section:
```suggestion
When using KubeVirt as the provider for HyperShift, the KubeVirt virtual machines, which act as nodes for hosted clusters, require an {op-system} image shipped as a container-disk image. To support disconnected environments, this image is now included in the mirroring process.
```
